---
toc: True
comments: True
layout: post
title: Devlog 12
description: 
type: tangibles
categories: devlog
---

# Devlog Update

Right now, we have 3 separate projects that all need to be integrated with one another. Thus, today we have divided into three groups in order to get work done while still allowing for time to work on our Wednesday lesson


## Group 1: Parav and Paaras: Frontend/Saturn integration

This group will be working on making the frontend look unified between our three projects, ensuring that we have a ready frontend for integration and out backend to be added onto our projects immediately.

Paaras: Getting the frontend
Parav: JWT integration onto the frontend (acct system)

## Group 2: Tanay and Varalu

This group will focus on roles and adding roles to the account system. This is to ensure only certain people can access certain information. We need to add roles for students, employers, and teachers so that only certain people see and manipulate certain data. 

Right now we will working on making sure only the employers can see and edit all of the students in their own database.

Tanay/Varalu: RBAC 

## Group 3: Colin/Soham

This group will make quizzes and assignments as well as grades

Colin: Assignments and quizzes inheritance
Soham: Grades and grade management

## Group 4: Aniket, Orlando, Shaurya

This group will work on the chatting feature.

Message system is getting repurposed into direct messages, where you can privately message instructors, receive messages from instructors and school administrators, receive messages from employers, or create groups with colleagues.

- Private messages (orlando)
- Group messages (aniket)
- Real time messaging and notifications (websockets)(orlando)
- File API (store files like .txt, .mp4, .jar, etc and send them through the messaging system)(aniket/orlando)
- Various teacher and student utilities such as a reminder system and hall pass generator (shaurya)

Aniket/Orlando/Mati: Work on chatting