---
toc: True
comments: True
layout: post
title: Devlog 8
description: First devlog of the trimester - seed, debugging, big teams
type: tangibles
permalink: /tri1-dev1
---

# Big Teams

We took our Tri 2 team:
- Paaras (Scrum Master, Frontend)
- Varaprasad (DevOps)
- Tanay (Backend)

And combined with these people from period 3:
- Parav
- Soham
- Colin

And these people from period 1:
- Rohin
- Aniket
- Orlando
- Mati

# Combining

Our team had a Tinder-esque application, but instead of dates, users swipe through startup companies Soham, Colin, and Aniket were working on an application that was better than Canvas. Parav was working on an app better than Saturn. Rohin was working on stock AI. Orlando and Mati were working on a chatting app.

When combining ideas, we had to keep some features in mind, which were:
- Internship database
- Swiping controls
- Canvas features
- Saturn main timer feature
- AI (possibly for prediction)
- Chat feature

We decided to combine our project into one idea: <u>An app for students to manage classes, get to class on time with a timer, find internships through social-media-esque scrolling, and chat with internship recruiters.</u>

# Starting our DS Engines

### Seed (Individual)

As a team, we pledge to do our very best to adhere to the established requirements for individual seed. Although we all may not have received a 93% or above, we all agree to present AP prep, key commits, GitHub analytics, live demos, and data structures concepts in our indiviual reviews, and how they all connect and relate with each other. 

### Seed (Team)

Each week, we will compile our work in ideation/planning, testing, retrospective, actual code, and user feedback (teacher or peers) in a weekly issue for team reviews. 

We will be creating a scrum board in our new big-team repository. We will dedicate the backend repository to our scrum board, and issues, and both frontend and backend repositories will have analytics and pull requests.

Although every team member will be committing weekly Java code, each person will be working on something different and have different key commits to present. Each member will connect data structures and CollegeBoard concepts to their commits, but members may collaborate on one commit to achieve a certain relation of CB/DS to PBL.

Upon the first live review, our team will make sure that the teacher has access to all of our GitHub assets. All default code shall be removed during the first week except the backend default login credentials. 

Each member will have their own branch, and pull requests will be referenced in weekly issues should they be done during then.

Ideation/planning, testing, retrospective, actual code, and user feedback (teacher or peers) will be completed by each member every week.

### Sprint 7 Resources - CB/DS Relating to PBL

Our key commits will demonstrate the following concepts within our PBL:

- All APCSA CollegeBoard units
- Data Structures II concepts:
    - Linked list
    - Stacks queues
    - Searching
    - Sorting algorithms
        - Bubble
        - Insertion
        - Merge
        - Selection
        - Bogo (demonstrate why it is inefficient at least once, not necessarily related to our project)

# Recap

Each weekly individual issue must meet the following:

- Brief summary
- Ideation/plans
- Key commits (commit message references the commit to the issue)
- Explanation of CB/DS concepts relating to key commits
- Pull requests (if applicable)
- GitHub analytics
- Testing & feedback (or plans to do so)